Men, What “Unmanly” activity do you proudly participate in?

MothMonsterMan300
321
Baths, for real. Bath bombs rule, my favorite one turns the water black and sparkly and smells like peppermint.

LeglessLegolas_
4298
I spend a ridiculous amount of time looking up furniture/wall art/etc. just fantasizing about how I'm going to decorate it when I finally get my own place.

JohnO500
4823
Knitting. It's pretty fun! I made half a sock yesterday.

BigMilk0
2748
Drinking girly drinks...They’re delicious.

KernIrregular
3688
Pedicures.   I take my wife to get a  manicure/pedicure and for an extra $30 I get a foot soak with massage, nails trimmed and the cracked callouses ground down to manageable.  I spend 100% of my free time in Hiking boots or flip flops, gnarly heels being the result. No shame in my game. Take care of your feet lads!

OneHatOnly
194
High tea. I don't care who you are. You haven't lived until you've eaten tiny cucumber sandwiches and scones off a three-story silver party platter.

ThunderingSacks
6097
I sing personal remixes of popular songs to my pets where I replace words in the song with their name. A lot of the time they’re Disney songs.

pass_the_aggression
3780
Fashion. Even in video games, I spend hours customizing my character's clothes.

einherjar81
1612
I like cute things more than a lot of girls I know.

lybertyne
1370
I moisturise.  My skin is very dry and gets itchy.  I scratch, make it sore, which then makes it itchy, so I scratch....Moisturising stops this cycle.

FiyzValiant
802
Don't know if it counts as an activity but beauty care. Like skin and hair care. I go full on Bateman. Have multiple face masks, skin creams and hair products. Started as a way to bond with my sister's, ended up being something that centers me in the mornings and a comforting ritual a couple of times a night.

70m4h4wk
773
I knit. I can make 2 dish cloths in a day. ..I also pride myself on my frozen cocktails. Margaritas, pina coladas, strawberry daquaris, and my personal favourite, the Miami vice.

TannedCroissant
1029
Writing long romantic messages in valentines/Christmas/birthday cards for my girlfriend.  I draw the hearts in pink sharpies sometimes too

tall-hairy-white-guy
1524
interesting

liv2draw
2877
Sometimes my daughters get new nail polish and they want to see how it looks on an actual nail before committing it to their own.  That’s when they come to me asking if they can use me as their test pallet.  It’s not uncommon for me to go around the house with glittery purple, green, pink etc, nails. ..Walking around with painted nails: = Most unmanly thing for me. ..Showing my daughters how a man should treat and take care of the women in his life = The most manly thing I could ever do.

pringy978
255
When I babysit for my friends 3 yr old daughter, I happily watch my little pony, have tea parties and paint flowers. ..I'm a 280lb ex rugby player with a big ginger beard and I have no shame in saying that fluttershy is the best pony.

KalessinDB
360
I'll cry during emotional scenes of tv shows/movies.

Snowbattt
534
I drink hot cocoa sometimes at the bar when everyone is having a beer. That or I take a girly cocktail...I don't care. I don't like beer and I do like cocoa or girly cocktails.

H4ZRD_RS
228
Using women's shampoo. It smells so much better

acjgoblu
218
Broadway musicals - both attending and shower performance.

sharpshot877
1706
According to society apparently crying

adamabest
820
Gardening. It’s great being able to grow things from just seeds.

rpmag
502
Therapy.

_forum_mod
326
Resting my hands on my own hips. Oh, the horror!

Mr_Tomclancy
160
Talk about my feelings very often and cry a lot, showing my emotions a lot too

bigoldpanda
717
Occasionally I’ll shave my armpits and/or legs. I’m sure it looks a little strange because I have a beard, but it makes me feel so much cleaner.

imk
364
Raising a child...I was a single father. I still am, I guess, but my daughter is 24 now and works in another state so not so much anymore...I honestly never felt too emasculated about it, but there were odd moments. Appropriately enough considering today's date, I was often congratulated on Mother's Day. One female friend of mine even said "You are like a mom, with a penis!". I thought that was pretty funny.

Galkill123
155
Ehmmmmmm....am I the only one who is an active member on love advice forums?..Reading their love experiences and trying to help guys and girls to make the best decisions is a daily thing now

BigPavelski
80
I like to journal occasionally. Getting my feelings out on paper can really help.

clit-eastwould
1300
Unabashed love for kitties...

covidinsemen
813
Talking to women about feelings and emotions...It’s odd. At every barbecue or social, the men and women will naturally divide, and I always gravitate toward the women because I have better conversations with them...Then there will an inevitably come a point where one of the guys comes to corral me back to the guy’s corner because I’m assuming it made one of the boyfriends uncomfortable. Like it’s *weird* that I’m helping in the kitchen...I wish my social circle were a little more modern.

ProllyPygmy
1059
Hugging my kids, apologizing to them when I'm wrong ("sorry I accused you of making a mess outside, I just learned it was the neighbors' kid"), and showing them it's okay to have and express feelings. Yes, daddy can get teary eyed too when watching a sad movie.  ..Also as an extension of apologizing for having done wrong, being able to back down.  .When in an argument and find out you're wrong, it's not weak to say "I didn't know that. Sorry, I was wrong.".  .Learning from those experiences has much more worth than doubling down to protect your own ego.

TheSerpentPrince369
1037
Pissing while sitting.

MDVAME
67
I love fruity and frozen alcoholic drinks.

heisenberger_royale
68
Pumpkin spice season. Gimme those lattes. Gimme that cookie. Pumpkin spice is amazing and I don't give a fuck if that makes me a basic bitch

memesandbees
515
Animal Crossing, its fun and relaxing.

Dabrigstar
360
Listening to Taylor Swift. I had a friend tell me that was wussy and that he wouldn't be friends with anyone who listened to her. So I listened to what he said and acted accordingly, by ending the friendship.

None
103
[deleted]

JamesMccloud360
183
Sit down on the toilet and I do like girly drinks. Beer just gets so boring.

Captainbible
133
I love repainting Monster high dolls and making fun virtual outfits (masculine and feminine!) on second life!!

RougeBeetle
50
I have a teddy bear for when i sleep

MetaRipdley
92
I wear a bracelet and a necklace, both of which I made myself.

geoProgCrab
83
Being my girlfriend's little spoon.

Underwater_Pickle
183
crying, pretty often too.

Moderncrusader77
77
fanship of the Mamma Mia movies

anonguy5422
33
Shaving your taint and ass.. if being manly means having wads of shit sticking to your ass hairs I don’t wanna be manly

nathima1
33
Watching Romantic Comedies. Kate and Leopold, Mr and Mrs Smith, etc. I grew up around all females so I think it just became something I enjoyed.

KarisumaTaichou
30
Cats make my heart melt.  If I see a kitty, I'm stopping to pet it.  I'm a long-haired metalhead and [it's crazy how close to home this hits](https://img.memecdn.com/omg-a-cat_o_3377699722005099.webp).

mrinkyface
60
Raising my pinky finger when I drink out of small cups that usually have tea in them, I am usually reading a romance novel too

ViolaOrsino
100
Not a man myself, but my boyfriend has dabbled in painting his nails. He got some cool shades of gray (his favorite color) and it looks pretty good! I also work at a summer camp and one of our counselors got bright orange fingernail polish, the same color as the safety gear in our shooting range, and made it that for certain score levels, you could get a fingernail painted bright orange. I’ve never SEEN teenage boys bragging about how much bright orange nail polish they had the way these guys were.

Iactuallyreaddit
81
I shave my armpits.  It isn't feminine in my opinion and makes me feel cleaner.

mylegismissing
54
I listen to Taylor Swift a LOT. Wildest Dreams and Enchanted carry me through my bike rides.

oamnoj
28
Group fitness classes. I've done Zumba before and that was fun.

Mysi666
27
Telling my male friends they look good. Generally trying to build each other up, speaking about emotional issues we have. A lot of people feel its not manly to do so but I think its important and it feels great having a group of guys that doesn't just bash each other all the time.

IowaIsAwful
52
Listen to Carly Rae Jepsen.

Cyburking
70
Sit cross legged sometimes.

floridas_lostboy
71
Pedicures. I used to spend all my time at work on my feet, and after a decade or so, my feet were absolutely fucked. Now my sister takes care of my feet every other month. Shit feels amazing.

JasperDyne
181
Housecleaning, vacuuming, laundry, grocery shopping. Been doing it since I was a kid. The magic pixies aren’t going to do it.

Two_Tone_Stalone
166
Butt Stuff

AdeptLength
22
Telling my friends how much I appreciate them and what they mean to me

vikingpepper
77
Drinking margaritas

Gatarie
47
Ballroom dancing

miller261
21
I’ve gotten really good at giving my wife pedicures.

musaka420
21
Baking. I live in a small slavic town where if you're not a builder or something that requers lifting heavy stuff you ain't no men

eliminatingaww
36
Well other may think it unmanly but under the lockdown I learned how to give pedicures and manicures. My kids and wife have amazing looking cuticles, and I spent way too much money on pretty paint colors, and love painting my own nails for practice...Favorite color is purple, cry when appropriate and don't ask permission to do things in order to keep some imaginary "man" card invented by people I don't care to emulate. I have my long hair and beard in braids or curly, buy expensive beauty products made for women, and take care of my skin...I sing to my kids and encourage them to paint and play music and talk about their feelings. I don't question when my daughter wants to play with garbage trucks and my boy wants to play Barbie games on the iPad...Trying to pass some invisible social test of what a man looks like or acts like, doesn't make you a man, it makes constantly try to change yourself to get people to like you. ..People like anyone who owns their shit. Be you. The universe, God, or whatever you want to believe in made you exactly what you are, and you are amazing, exactly and precisely the way you are...If no one has told you today, I love you just the way you are.

RSJustWantFreedom
249
There is no "unmanly" thing. Because a man doing something that other men don't like to do doesn't make him less of a man.

rightetighte
36
Not a man, but my BIL unabashedly loves bathes to the point that he buys his own damn bath paint.

SolarisIX
34
By sake of my genitals, everything I do is manly. I could put on a dress and... i dunno, cook a pie I guess? And it would still be manly as fuck. And then eat that dope apple pie without getting any on my dress - like a man. ..Honestly though, I can't think of an instance where I was doing an activity and thought "Well this is a pretty un-manly thing to be doing"

Samisoy001
16
I love musicals and go see them quite often.

jenskiguide
66
I mostly wear women's jeans. I look fire, team.

johnathan71118
16
Big choir guy here. Just love singing

dudenamedfella
14
Singing in the car with the windows down unabashedly!

TigerKingQuinton
14
Clothes, I believe my sense of style tells people what kind of person I am. I have a set group of styles, checked shirt and jeans for colder days, floral t-shirts and shorts for those warmer days. I like bright and warm colours, darker colours are usually just for lounging around so I only have a few of them and even they have brighter colours on them...Even with games that allow for character clothing customisation and my OC’s, I put a lot of focus on how they dress to give the impression I am trying to convey. Like my favourite OC Brodie Craven dresses in a light brown shirt and cargo trousers along with an Aussie outback hat, I want to give the impression that he’s madly Australian and not very serious

l3ira
14
Even though some of the greatest wrote poems it still seems to be unmanly for some... So yeah... Poetry.

depthstrider117
16
crying

PandahOG
31
Wanting a daughter.  Apparently that's appalling to everyone...However, it's commonly accepted to only wanting sons and to keep trying until you finally have a son...I'll never fucking get it.

Conocoryphe
49
Building model airplanes and ships. People accuse me of 'playing with toys', but honestly I love spending months on a beautiful model ship and then displaying the result on my windowsill.

soadnan
59
Love me some proper gossip.

the-tennismaster
13
Gardening

ArdentCrayon
14
My husband is a fully enthusiastic nurturer of anyone in his life that needs nurturing.

MBexx11
13
Cat cuddles

Fisto-the-sex-robot
23
Playing as female character in games. If it’s any game with possible 3rd person view, I’d rather spend the time looking at nice girl rather than random dude or inaccurate incarnation of myself.

tieflingisnotamused
11
I like to dress fashionably, and very rarely go get my nails done. Theres something about having a fresh mani. Like, women, I get it. I know why y'all spend that kind of money.

mxmike21
11
Candles.

bbrusevold
10
Cuddeling. Or at least I would if I could.

SignalLeg5
11
Technically I don't necessarily do something unmanly but there is something " masculine " that I don't really understand too much about and it is cars, and my dad is a car guy, so whenever he talks about cars or car parts I just nod my head and pretend to know.

EddieGaff
11
I knit

None
9
I'll shave my armpits every now and then. ..I also like the color pink, so I've got some dress socks, dress shirts, and Ray-Bans in various shades of pink.

smiller060
17
House plants and baking. Whatevs

Codoro
35
I'm not sure I recognize the distinction between "manly" and "unmanly" anymore, since it's not really based on anything except cultural norms which are prone to shift and change or even just differ regionally.

jdlech
10
I do my own sewing.  Hem my pants, repair rips and tears and popped seams...If you look in my medicine cabinet, you will find a bottle of clear nail polish.  Whenever I've smashed a finger enough to lose the nail, I apply polish to keep that nail as strong as I can while the new one grows in underneath.  I've had the same bottle pretty much my whole adult life.  I think I've done this about 3 or 4 times.

huggybear0132
9
Flower arranging.

The_Fudgerigar
7
I’ll sometimes paint my nails...I do try to take good care of my nails, trimming them, and keeping the cuticles in good shape. So why shouldn’t I paint them some cool shade every once in a while?

HomesickJoystick
8
I am in tune with my emotions openly :)

settrada
7
Alcoholic drinks that actually taste good.

Roaring_Pillow
7
I recently started a complete skincare route a few weeks ago that involves cleaning it twice a day, serum, eye cream, and moisturizing as well as exfoliating once a week because my face gets so dry and flakey and it has done wonders in healing up my face. I also shave my chest because i think chest hair is nasty.

StephanXX
7
Hugging. And telling my friends I love them, every time we part ways or end a phone call.

papilloncool18
6
I think I should say something since y’all are so brave. I’m into anal.

davidthecableguy11
19
I talk to my dog in a high-pitched, loving voice and honestly, I have no regrets.

Dr-DVD
5
Crying during emotional movie scenes.

Wood5y_52
6
Gardening, what makes it worse is that I’m only 18 as well

